Timeout Docs Update (#19601) (#19655)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/gateways/api-gateway/configuration/routetimeoutfilter.mdx

### `spec.idleTimeout

> Specifies the total amount of time permitted for the request stream to be idle. Must specify a parseable number and a unit, for example "5s". 

Reviewer: Because this uses the Go `time` package under the hood, it might be good to reference that: https://pkg.go.dev/maze.io/x/duration#ParseDuration

Author: Not that it negates your point, but its actually using [metav1.Duration](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1#Duration) in consul-k8s, which I think behaves slightly differently (which is actually why we need this update to begin with.) 

I'll defer to @trujillo-adam on phrasing here though.

> Specifies the total amount of time permitted for the request stream to be idle. Must specify a parseable number and a unit, for example "5s". 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the total amount of time permitted for the request stream to be idle. Format the string as `"<number><unit>"`, for example `"5s"`. Consul uses the `metav1.Duration` package of parse the value. Refer to the [Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1#Duration) for additional information about defining parseable values.  
```
How about this?

Author: That works for me!

> Specifies the total amount of time permitted for the request stream to be idle. Format the string as `"<number><unit>"`, for example `"5s"`. Consul uses the `metav1.Duration` package of parse the value. Refer to the [Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1#Duration) for additional information about defining parseable values.  

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies the total amount of time permitted for the request stream to be idle. Format the string as `"<number><unit>"`, for example `"5s"`. Consul uses the `metav1.Duration` package to parse the value. Refer to the [Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1#Duration) for additional information about defining parseable values.  
```

#### Values

- Default: ""
- Data type: String

### `spec.requestTimeout`

> Specifies the total amount of time in nanoseconds, including retry attempts, Consul permits for the entire downstream request to be processed. Must specify a parseable number and a unit, for example "5s". 

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies the total amount of time in nanoseconds, including retry attempts, Consul permits for the entire downstream request to be processed. Format the string as `"<number><unit>"`, for example `"5s"`. Consul uses the `metav1.Duration` package of parse the value. Refer to the [Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1#Duration) for additional information about defining parseable values.  
```
